added the client point of view on UC3 (#239)
solid/authorization-panel: proposals/evaluation/uc-3-inheritance.md

  acp:applyMembers </acp/research#p1> . # applies the policy to all resources contained by </weekly-status/>
```

> An unauthenticated client making a GET on `</weekly-status/>` container will receive a `Link: <.acp>; rel="access-control"` header in the `401` response that points to the above `<.acp>`. 

Reviewer: For now, given the state of the web-access-control specification and since we're aligning, the rel is `acl`.
```suggestion
An unauthenticated client making a GET on `</weekly-status/>` container will receive a `Link: <.acp>; rel="acl"` header in the `401` response that points to the above `<.acp>`. 
```

> This relation is what makes the contents of `</weekly-status/.acp>` authoritative, and is therefore the information the client can use to decide what credentials to present.

Reviewer 2: I think this assumption can be made only in very limited number of real world scenarios. I don't see why we would want to make this assumption for this use case.

Author: What assumption do you have a problem with @elf-pavlik? 
I am building my server this way and that is how I built clients in the past.

See also: https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/pull/216#discussion_r665230245

### WAC+ ac:imports +acr 

[WAC+:imports](https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/210) is explained most easily if we also require every
resource to link to its own ACR, as ACP does.

We keep `wac:default` working as currently specified.
 
A unauthenticated client that makes a GET on `</weekly-status/2021-04-28/>` and receives a `401` with a `Link` to `</weekly-status/2021-04-28/>`. 

> If the client is the controler of the container it can do a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the client is the controller of the container, it can do a
```
